PREFACE OF A YEAR
WITH THE SAINTS.
In presenting this work for
the first time in English,
address, the translator
would take the opportunity of
drawing the attention of the
devout American reader to
one or two peculiarities
in its structure which have
already won for it a wide
recognition among readers
of books of its class in
Europe.
In the first place, the
allotment of separate months
to individual virtues agrees
well with the practice
of self-examination much
recommended by many spiritual
writers, who advise us to take
different virtues in turn as
the object the special effort.
Nothing certainly could be
better fitted to assist us in
the acquisition of a virtue
than these solutions.